Hello friends, welcome to TP these sites.
In today's video, we will talk
about ICICI Loard. I am going to tell you in detail the complete process of how to add the name of a
new born baby in the ICICI Loard policy.
This is a topic
about which people are not aware
and there is lack of awareness. So, in today's video, I will
tell you step by step
how you can
add your child's name in an individual policy and
how you
can add your child's name in a corporate policy
because whenever a new born baby is born, there are
some expenses which
come upon you immediately. So, whenever there is a
medical emergency, how can you
add the child's name to your card and avail the
benefits of your health policy.
In today's video, I am going to tell you further. So, stay tuned to the
channel till the end. If you are new to the channel, then
subscribe to the channel and press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos. So,
let's start the video.
[Music]
Two types of  There is a policy, there is an
individual policy and there is a corporate
policy. We have to get the individual policy done ourselves.
If we are working in a private organization, then
we get the corporate policy from there. The
procedure for adding the name of the child is
different for both the policies. So what happens is that
whenever a child is born in your family, at that
time many times a
medical emergency occurs such that the
child is either born at a young age
or the weight of the child is less or the child has
some other medical problem. What happens is that
as soon as the child is born, he is immediately
hospitalized. Sometimes what happens is that he is
admitted for a short time.
Sometimes what happens is that the child is admitted for 15
days, 20 days, one month,
two months, in this way, so
in that condition the
financial burden on the policy holder increases, that is,
he faces financial problems
and at that time the policy holder thinks that
how can I take the benefit of my policy for
my child.  Regarding treatment, i.e., can
I get the treatment of the child born under my policy?
Many such questions
arise at that time, and it is also necessary to come.
You will get the answers to all these questions in this video,
and after watching this video,
you will become aware. Now let's talk about
how we can add the name of a newborn baby in an individual policy.
Any individual policy, that is, the
policy that we have taken ourselves, has a
minimum time of 90
days to add the name of the child in that policy, no matter which insurance company it is. It is possible that
you may have taken some advance
plan, then there may be some changes in it,
but according to me, before 90 days,
you can neither add the name of your child
nor can you avail the benefits of that policy
for your child. Now let's
talk about corporate policies.
Under corporate policies, the
expenses incurred for a newborn baby are covered from day one,
but many  People are
unaware of this. Neither the
insurance company nor anyone else tells
you about it. What happens is that
a
child is born in your family. Upon birth, the child has a
medical problem and is
immediately admitted. The number of
days they are admitted to the hospital after birth matters.
What you should do after that is to contact your HR, whatever the corporate policy is.
First of all, you should
contact your HR. You will find HR
in your company, or in any private
organization where you are working. If there is
no HR there, then there will be a particular person
who
handles your work related to health insurance. You should contact them and
tell them about your problem that
such and such a newborn has a medical
problem and the child will be admitted for so many days.
What HR does is
write an email to the insurance company and
write in the email that such and such a newborn baby has been
born and we need to add a name.
Now you will think that the child has just been born and
we haven't even named him.  Neither
his Aadhar card is made nor anything else
is made, in that policy the name of the child will be
added with the name of the mother, for example if the mother's name
is Kavita then you
can add his name by saying Baby of Kavita, male or female does
not matter, the gender will be written
inside it, but you have to write Baby
of Kavita, then the name of the child will be
added with the name Baby of Kavita and
after adding you can take the benefit of that thing
and in the ID you can put only Kavita's ID
i.e. Aadhar card, PAN card of
Kavita will be added, then
his name will be added in your policy with the name Baby of Kavita,
later you can also change that name,
when the policy is renewed then
you can talk to your HR and get it changed, by then the
birth certificate of the child will
also be made and his Aadhar card will also be made
and at the time of L you can change that name,
but the advantage is going to be
that you people will get the benefit of the policy at that time,
if your child is not suffering much, if he is
admitted for two or three days,
then also you people will get the child treated from the first day  You have to
start the process of adding the name.
What happens is that the expenses for 3 days have become too
much and the name is not added
within a day, that is, you told the HR on the first
day itself and the HR also wrote an email
to the insurance company but the
name is not added from there. So what happens is that
when your policy documents come, you
can reimburse your bills, that is,
make the payment first because your
health card is not made, then your approval will
not come. If approval does not come, then you will have to pay the
hospital. After paying, you have to take the bill,
take the discharge summary and
take the receipt of whatever payment you have made.
After that, you have to fill claim form
A, claim form B and
you can claim those bills through HR, that is, you
can reimburse. I have made a separate video on how to fill claim form A,
how to fill claim form B,
you must go and watch that video.
Now let's talk, if someone does
not have any medical problem, then should he get the addition done immediately
or not? In my opinion  This means
that whether you have a medical problem or not, that is, even if
your child does not have any medical
problem, you should get the process done from the very first day.
What happens is that after
two or three days or after a dream, if the
child has any problem, then
you will face difficulty in getting the name added. So it is better to get the
process done in advance because the child
is a small child and any problem can happen.
Therefore, if you are getting the option to
add the child's name, then you should get it done. You should be in
touch with your HR beforehand, you should be in touch before delivery
so that you can get
help from them in case of any emergency.
In today's video, you must have understood
how to add the name of a newborn baby in ICICI Lombard.
I have explained the complete process to you in an easy
way. Still, if you have
any questions regarding this video, then
you can ask me by writing in the comment section.
Apart from this, if you have any query related to your health insurance
claim,
you can also ask me questions related to that.
You will get answers to all the questions in limited time.  You will
definitely meet me, if you liked the video then
like the video, subscribe to the channel,
press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos,
share the video as much as possible, all the
policy holders of ICICI Lavad, that's all you will get in today's video, till then
hello in the next video